I know, but I think you misunderstood, Miss Zuo.
Jingrun has no psychological barriers
That was his personality since he was a kid
It's because the body wants to
It made him lonely.
I have been unwilling to communicate with people
Language barrier over time
So be it.
Sorry about that.
I misunderstood you.
So be it.
To thank you
You can fill in the numbers at will.
Because after all, nothing but money
I have nothing else to offer you
Do you know how lame your last sentence was?
This man smiles damn charming
Coat brother what did you say
Of course now with my mom
You send me the location.
I'll kill it right now
Sister, why are you blushing?
Did he bully you?
I'm leaving, do you know how to come back?
Mommy Bomb Bomb
Did you kill my mommy?
One slap hit them all red
Mom, shut up
I really have no face to stay
Really fascinated by boys